now you will I've read and I've seen
announcements to the effect of that you
will not real not be Batman again I am
yeah I have decided to no thank you
thank you very much yeah you know I
tried to direct a version of it and
worked with a really good screenwriter
but just kind of couldn't come up with a
version that couldn't crack it and so I
thought it was like you know time to let
someone else take a shot at they got
some really good people so on well I
don't know if you know but there's a
ceremony and you know what happens
whenever the the bat torch is passed and
in honor of your I guess retirement I
don't know what we're gonna call it I
don't know you later
we have a little bit of a surprise for
you oh we Warner Brothers has given us
something we're going to officially
retire
[Music]
[Applause]
right now
rubber no Robert anyway so but first we
have to make space in the rafters by
getting rid of another piece of
Hollywood memorabilia please lower the
thong this is this beautiful item is the
sparkly thong Matt Damon wore when he
played Liberace's boyfriend and behind
the candelabra yes please give this to
him or kind of destroyed whatever you
want to do yeah how's that Damon my I
bet yes all right Guillermo get in
position put it in there
and then wait a minute why does your
cape have hold on a second why does your
cape have a number 12 on it that's
that's Brady's number you can't be a
hero unless you're wearing number 12 oh
is this like a post did you get this
after the Super Bowl
no I insisted to Warner Brothers that be
on it the whole time they actually paid
80 million dollars to digitally remove
it from everywhere I had no idea why you
really love Tom Brady but before we do
this is there anything you want to say
any official statement you would like to
make uh I don't know I guess I'm not
Batman he's not Batman anymore hoist the
Cape raise it to the rafters and Ben
Affleck you are
[Applause]
[Music]
triple frontier is in theaters March 6
and I'm Netflix March 30 men act like
everybody I am Jimmy Kimmel I hope you
enjoyed that video hit subscribe and all
your dreams will come true assuming your
dreams are to watch more YouTube videos